Data Sync downstream reivew (#656)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/sync/js-client-realtime-updates.adoc

The architecture of websockets is as follows:

* Client connects to websocket server.
* Upon certain events, the server can publish the results of these events to the websocket.
* Any _currently connected_ client to that websocket will receive these results.

> * The client can close the connection at any time and will no longer recieve updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The client can close the connection at any time and no longer receives updates.
```
also, a few of 'will's in prev lines
